I asked if you remember?
Remember, I just told you.
Your provocation to me.
I'll retaliate.
Eyes for eyes
Now I'm going to give you a chance to admit the mistake.
Get on your knees and apologize immediately.
Or you'll die like them.
My patience is limited.
Roses in three lives.
Self-Suffering Consequences
3.
2.
1.
Boss, I'm wrong.
Just know it's wrong.
Don't ever show up in front of me again.
I don't want to.
See you.
What do they all look like?
Looking at what?
Otherwise, you will humiliate me in front of the monks.
Make me know
This humiliation.
I can definitely return it a hundred times.
Boss.
Sorry, it's Xiaoming today, I didn't do a good job.
I can't believe the power of the future is so strong.
What is the International Hundred Meters?
He alone lost water.
It's not all water.
The needle can't penetrate.
When did you learn to talk?
The work is free.
More guns and sticks
I don't know you.